README.md, before:

﻿Augmenta Chataigne module
=======================

A [Chataigne][] module maintained by [Théoriz studio][]

Install
-------

Download the module here

https://github.com/Theoriz/Augmenta-chataigne-module/archive/master.zip (and rename to Augmenta)

or

```
git clone https://github.com/Theoriz/Augmenta-chataigne-module Augmenta
```

in the following directory

- Mac OSX : /Users/Username/Documents/Chataigne/modules
- Windows : C:\Users\Username\Documents\Chataigne\modules
- Linux   : /home/Username/Chataigne/modules

Ensure that they are in a folder named *Augmenta* in this directory.

Then restart [Chataigne][]

Use
---
In [Chataigne][], the module will appear in a Theoriz submenu alongside the other modules.

Documentation
-------------

Data protocol is here : https://github.com/Theoriz/Augmenta/wiki

Chataigne documentation is here : http://benjamin.kuperberg.fr/chataigne/docs

Dev
---

In [Chataigne][], click on the "edit" button to modify the script. (javascript)
You can also modify the Json module if needed directly from the file.

Contribute
----------

Fork and submit pull requests! :)

Thanks
------

Thanks to [BenKuper] for his kind support and his awesome open source software.

[Chataigne][] is opensource you can check it here : https://github.com/benkuper/Chataigne

[BenKuper]: https://github.com/benkuper
[Chataigne]: http://benjamin.kuperberg.fr/chataigne/
[Théoriz studio]: http://www.theoriz.com/

Commit message:

Update way to install module

README.md, after:

﻿Augmenta Chataigne module
=========================

A [Chataigne][] module maintained by [Théoriz studio][]

Install
-------

Start Chataigne
Right click on the modules panel
CLick on "Get more modules"
Install the module :)

or

```
git clone https://github.com/Theoriz/Augmenta-chataigne-module
```

in the following directory

- Mac OSX : /Users/Username/Documents/Chataigne/modules
- Windows : C:\Users\Username\Documents\Chataigne\modules
- Linux   : /home/Username/Chataigne/modules

Then restart [Chataigne][]

Use
---
In [Chataigne][], the module will appear in a Theoriz submenu alongside the other modules.

Documentation
-------------

Data protocol is here : https://github.com/Theoriz/Augmenta/wiki

Chataigne documentation is here : http://benjamin.kuperberg.fr/chataigne/docs

Dev
---

In [Chataigne][], click on the "edit" button to modify the script. (javascript)
You can also modify the Json module if needed directly from the file.

Contribute
----------

Fork and submit pull requests! :)

Thanks
------

Thanks to [BenKuper] for his kind support and his awesome open source software.

[Chataigne][] is opensource you can check it here : https://github.com/benkuper/Chataigne

[BenKuper]: https://github.com/benkuper
[Chataigne]: http://benjamin.kuperberg.fr/chataigne/
[Théoriz studio]: http://www.theoriz.com/
